gpu: mention Docker Model Runner (#23810)
docker/docker.github.io: content/manuals/desktop/features/gpu.md

= 2724.379 single-precision GFLOP/s at 20 flops per interaction
```

> ## Run a real-world model: smollm2 with Docker Model Runner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Run a real-world model: SmollM2 with Docker Model Runner
```

> ## Run a real-world model: smollm2 with Docker Model Runner

Reviewer: We should also make this clear that this is for Docker Desktop 4.54 and later

Author: WDYT of a note?
<img width="909" height="334" alt="Screenshot 2025-12-05 at 11 46 36" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/dd662624-bb19-4668-b9a7-7ef4e82d15e3" />

Reviewer: yes perfect @doringeman, thank you

> Use Docker Model Runner to run smollm2 LLM using vLLM with GPU acceleration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use Docker Model Runner to run the SmolLM2 LLM with vLLM and GPU acceleration:
```
